For over 20 years, the Ubuntu Linux desktop has been one of the most popular
Linux distributions, and the gateway to Linux and open source for millions of
users. Its success has always been due to a tight collaboration between the
Ubuntu community and Canonical, and the documentation that accompanies each and
every release.

The Ubuntu Desktop documentation, however, is showing signs of its age. Many
users find that it's spread across too many different locations. Topics can be
difficult to find, difficult to follow, and sometimes out-of-date. To help
solve these problems, Canonical is in the very early stages of prototyping a
new platform that we hope will be the foundation for the Ubuntu Desktop
documentation for the next 20 years, and beyond. This represents a wonderful
and exciting opportunity for the Open Documentation Academy, both in supporting
and following what should become a trailblazing documentation platform, and
also in seeding a set of open source community documentation for the next
generation of Ubuntu users.

To start with, several issues related to Desktop will be added to CODA. You can
think of them all as top-level guides, suitable for a beginner who is curious
to know more, but also pointing at more technical content that an advanced user
might pursue further (perhaps these are future CODA issues too). They're broad
because we want to invoke the more creative side of technical writing. Many of
your readers will be ordinary users, and their skill levels (and patience) will
vary hugely.

This is an excellent opportunity to get involved at the beginning of what we
hope will be a major project to improve Desktop documentation in the coming
years. The initial topics that we have selected will give you opportunities to
stretch your writing muscles in new ways, often requiring you to connect ideas
and explain them for the general user

To get started, just take a look for tasks with the 'desktop' label in our task
tracker.
